measure
i could see at the moment i came in the
entire room was out of
balance you're off crystal re-measure
all his tables and put him on
salads you haven't had a date since beth
died you're miserable we fix
the lunch for you a blind date
are you completely blind yes
well i think the politically correct
term is
visually impaired i'm the new planner
for liz and robert's wedding you you're
the wedding trasher
you're gonna love it i'm insane for
being with you
are you breaking up with me
you dropped the channel seven news
anchorman into a way
[Applause]
[Music]
i will call you i will answer did you
just play
i did not yes she did weight of
many minutes glass slippers cinderella's
my favorite character
where's the other one prince charming
has it
i'm taking my photograph why because i
have photography
we were hoping to hire you guys to play
the wedding we don't play weddings i
will
arm wrestle you for a yes you what come
on your big baby
captain richie fell in love instant
lightning bolt low
if you're cinderella come meet your
prince charming
i thought i could come in and sweep you
off your feet
but you swept me off mine
i'll start working out tomorrow yeah
start now
a note i've fallen in love with the
dumbest man in history
is this a scarf it's a blindfold let me
see what you see
go let it go
i think i'm pretty good at this now
you